keep the image size low
use official images
use multi stage builds
dont run containers with root access
keep the env seperate from code
persist the logs
maintain own network instead of default
create docker volumes
optimise layers
	clud multiple instructions into one, for exmple multiple run into 1
	keep frequently changing instruction at the end


Docker architecture

once docker image is created, we cant modify the image. docker image is immutable

FROM almalinux:8
1st instruction
-------------
pulls image --> will create container out of this image

layer1 contaniner is created
inside layer1 container docker is running 2nd instruction
RUN yum install nginx -y
now layer2 image is created...
layer2 container is created by docker engine.
in layer2 container layer3 instruction will run
echo "Hello, Welcome to Dockerfile. A way of creating own images" > /usr/share/nginx/html/hello.html
now layer3 image is created and that is final...

Disadvantages
-----------------------
1. what happens if docker server is crashed
	application goes down
	you loose data also, docker volumes are inside the server
2. what happens if you suddenly get more traffic
	we have to run multiple containers
3. how to balance the load if you have multiple cart containers
	how can you balance...
4. self healing
	if container is crashed, how can you immidiately run another container
5. what about configs and secrets
	there is no environment to store secrets and configs


docker run --> creating container out of image

image --> physical file



container--> running instance of image with some config

we give kubernetes to take charge of running the images as orchestrator

docker swarm vs kubernetes
------------------------------
networking and storage solutions are beter in K8

cluster
------------
master --> only gives instructions
	worker nodes --> they will do work

if we dont have workers, master has to do everything


Namespace
---------------
isolated project space

create -> when respource not exist, you can use this. if respource exist you will get error
apply --> when respource not exist, it will create, if exist it will just update/does nothing




