IAM concept
---------------
only read access through console

create group(what is his position), add permission to group
add user to group --> automatically he will get group permissions

we had one work station, we were creating instances and R53 records through workstation...

a user with admin access like terraform, we get secret key and access key

a resource inside AWS can access other resources
-------------------------------------------
1. create a user and configure it inside EC2 using aws configure
	once your credentials are exposed, hackers will have full access
	user has to frequently change credentials, again run aws configure and update the creds
2. Use Roles instead of users directly
	User --> human
	Role --> non humans, create a role for EC2(EC2 is non human) and attach that role to EC2
	
	AWS will frequently rotate the credentials automatically
	
aws ec2 run-instances --instance-type t2.micro 

thin access --> 

Roboshop
--------------------------
We are installing catalogue in EC2, catalogue needs to access configuration stored in SSM parameter store

We are developing applications, apps need configurations like DB URL, username, password, any other system configurations, etc.

if configuration is hard coded, whenever there is a change in config. application has to be rebuilt and redeploy

always keep the config seperately from app code, refer config dynamically...

if config is changed, just restart the application it will fetch new value automatically..

catalogue EC2 instance needs to access SSM parameter store
	1. aws configure
	2. best is create a role for EC2 give SSM access
	
1. create a role
2. attach policies

IAM
assign role to EC2 through terraform to access SSM parameter based on environment


change mangement process
---------------------
DEV success
PROD deploy --> a process of change

you raise a CR ticket

what is the change?
what happened in DEV
who needs to approve
	team lead
	team manager
	business analyst
	finally your client
	
	what happened to testing?
	what happend to scanning?
	take the test manager approval
	